Panel content reorganization + Control/Tool rework (#5384)
scalableminds/webknossos: docs/skeleton_annotation.md

| Key Binding       | Operation                           |
| ----------------- | -------------                       |
| Left Click        | Create New Node                     |
| Left Click        | Select Node (Mark as Active Node) if one was hovered  |
| Left Drag         | Move around                         |
| Left Drag         | Move node if one was hovered        |
| S                 | Center Camera on Active Node        |
| DEL               | Delete Active Node                  |
| B                 | Create Branch Point                 |
| J                 | Jump to Last Branch Point           |
| C                 | Create New Tree                     |

> Note that you can enable *Classic Controls* which will behave slightly different and more explicit for the mouse actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can enable *Classic Controls* which will behave slightly different and more explicit for some mouse actions:
```

Common tree operations include splitting and merging trees.

- `Tree splitting` can be done in two ways:

>   1. Delete a node at which to split. This can be done by rightclicking a node and choosing "Delete this Node". If you have enabled *Classic Controls*, you need to select (*SHIFT + Left Click*) the node first and then delete (*DEL*) it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Delete a node at which to split. This can be done by right-clicking a node and choosing "Delete this Node". If you have enabled *Classic Controls*, you need to select (*SHIFT + Left Click*) the node first and then delete (*DEL*) it.
```

>   2. Delete an edge between two nodes. Select the first node (*Left Click*), then rightclick the second node and select *Delete Edge to this Node*. If you have enabled *Classic Controls*, you need to select the first node with *Shift + Left Click* and then click on the second node with *SHIFT + CTRL + Left Click* on the second node of the edge to delete this connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Delete an edge between two nodes. Select the first node (*Left Click*), then right-click the second node and select *Delete Edge to this Node*. If you have enabled *Classic Controls*, you need to select the first node with *Shift + Left Click* and then click on the second node with *SHIFT + CTRL + Left Click* on the second node of the edge to delete this connection.
```

> - `Tree merging` works similarly to edge deletion but will create a new edge between two previously unconnected trees. Select the first node and rightclick the second to choose *Create Edge & Merge with this Tree*. When using *Classic Controls*, the second node needs to be selected with *SHIFT + ALT + Left Click* to create an edge between the two.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Tree merging` works similarly to edge deletion but will create a new edge between two previously unconnected trees. Select the first node and right-click on a second one to choose *Create Edge & Merge with this Tree*. When using *Classic Controls*, the second node needs to be selected with *SHIFT + ALT + Left Click* to create an edge between the two.
```
